You have not born me,
I am old
At the same time,
Be good to you every day.
Struggled for a long time own position, today she finally correctly defined his position - sensitive third party!
The third party, is she spurned, but also she has been reluctant to admit, she thought she is a clever and rational woman, is no matter how will not do the third party, but today she has become a real third party, with all her love to share the half, even a quarter of the love.
She knows that every minute and second together with him is no ending, is will become memories deeply branded in the heart of the scar, but she still regardless of everything with him, all these just because she deeply loved him.
She, weak, clever, sad, like a hedgehog,
He, humor, wit, wisdom, such as the fox businessman;
In the vast sea of people, always believe that acquaintance is not accidental, perhaps is in a hurry of life she is destined to meet with him
He is a businessman who is afraid of emptiness and loss. However, the fact that he is only lonely, used to force a smile he usually hide the heart of the sadness, happy or sad are their own silent bear.
Since meeting the woman like the hedgehog, his days become more happy, at least in the heart has a kind of inexplicable expectations. Because she read his sadness, read his fragile heart.
They all like to be together with each other, because the two people always have a sense of tacit understanding, she always has a kind of power, let each other feel relaxed, happy.
Over time. She was fascinated, always eager to talk to him, knowing that she might be making changes she didn't want to believe in.
So many years of practice, after all, still can not be a casual look in his eyes, a true feelings reveal spoil, a smile from the heart to easily defeated. Sentimental she can not help but shed tears, can not help but want to curse their own, clearly is so sensitive a person why learn others do the third party.Pain, only a word, but ten thousand kinds of explanation. And she, then chose, deeply loves him, the grievance pain faint attack, boundless... .
Long lost sad
Since she separated from her ex-boyfriend, she no longer knows what it feels like to be sad, and has not been hurt for a long time. She always thought that her heart had been strong enough not to be hurt by any floating thing, but this time, she burst into tears for a man's gaffes.
Yes, because she was so looking forward to, fantasy for a lot of kinds, he waited for her at the station, but only don't think she come back that day, he went to another city, and she were filled with the joy of just being stranded in another city, a person, with a heavy luggage, filled with the injustice of back, back to a city she didn't want to face
That day, she like a wounded hedgehog, can not intentional to defend any harm, along the way, she thought a lot, thought of his past, when more or your own future, a future no future, really is that what you want, she more think more sad, hence, not to think, a person just want to once again return to the origin, to give up such a burgeoning relationship
Even though, there are ten million species of cruel, ten million kinds of contradictions, in the end, she was so easily defeated by his sweet words easily, she didn't choose to give up this affection, on the contrary, but put more more more more love for him, and she doesn't know why would like a man, and is be dead set of love, is desperate like......
A long-lost worry
"Sorry, the number you dialed is power off." she called countless times a day, but it was always the same voice.
At night, lying on the bed or worried about him, looking at a bright moon outside, the hand can not help but tightly grasp the hand of the mobile phone, afraid that the man came a message was missed by her.
Bitter wait for a long time, the phone is still cold and silent.
She touched the screen with her finger and wrote in a few words, "where are you? You all right?"
Hesitating for a long time, close your eyes a cruel, press send.
Time goes by, her heart hangs up little by little.
Waiting until she gently fell asleep, also did not see his name flashing on the phone
So she turned off her cell phone and closed her eyes. She had forgotten how long she had been worried about a man.
Worry of the next day, she still spreading, it's no a decrease trend, hesitate and press the green button, the phone is not repeated, "I'm sorry" but now, but at the moment she heart such as knife to cut the same pain, because she know she is a spare tire, is responsible for killing his boredom, she know, know.
Long lost happiness
Happy smile has been hung on her face, not because of the beautiful scenery, more not because the sea is broad, but with his company, at this time, she feels she is completely with him, he can go a lot way, holding her hand, watching the street scenery, listening to the wind rain, like a pair of lovers, playfulness, at that time, she seems happy forgot her identity, forget the skeletons in their love.
The ferris wheel of happiness, carrying all her love and expectations for him, when looking up at the ferris wheel, she thought not of happiness, but time, if she can meet him before her encounter what will be the outcome? She dare not go to think, because she was afraid of such thoughts disturb his happiness, she is just in my heart silently made a about him and her everlasting desire, silly wish, perhaps this is the only thing she can do it, she won't be cruel to destroy his family, because when she chooses to love him, she will have to accept such a fact.
That day, the heart is filled with sweet bubbles, the whole world suddenly black and white, as if only his color is gorgeous.
Ambiguous days are happy and painful, everyone had thought that really love a person does not need to have, but does not mean do not want to have.
Such him, such a love, she does not know how long to pay how much love in it, just know, now very love very love him, if continue to love, will love deeply, do not love, then completely let go.
